ladies and gentlemen salvo we all are
in the same position as a video
previous and then there will be I think
others because I take this opportunity to do one
kind of little mini tutorial on how
some pieces of hardware are mounted
computer
much advice also today
let's talk about the of today I am
doing at the same time that I have
made a previous video but will be released in
different days
today we will see how to assemble a branch e
on ours on our motherboard is
in addition I will give you some say a few
first trick to use then
let's say you mount the ram maybe in between
I think it 's the easiest piece of
the whole computer is enough as well
from above you see you have a cleat
here a small space in the meantime if
you want to see the unboxing of the range
just go always in mine
playlist of the second channel that you are there
already I think and nothing to watch them unboxing
I made you there will also be this
I spoke really really well about
this time you are seeing that in
this ram is a ddr3
there is a tacchettina here try to
see here also on the motherboard
there is a cleat you see which is the verse
where the wand will go in this case
here it is heel and space is called
therefore, let us enlarge, let us say the retainers e
position the card on the motherboard
I was saying the ram
however, before positioning it I give you a
other advice as well because so much is
easy then in the end when we are in
presence of a motherboard that has the
slots here and slots here
what we have to put in order
for example if we have only three banks
of ram I'll give you the usual example
they always go hand in hand but someone can
say that I know what
I have three of them
it is easy to make the order of the benches
because they also correspond to colors
different
I'll give you an example in the case of
class normal consumer consumers dell
mtv you will usually find blue and yellow or
red and yellow
this is the example I give you
imagine that these two notches are
here too it will be red yellow red
yellow therefore if you have two banks of ram
what you do put the first one on red
I second bench not on the yellow one there
even if next to the other red
they work this way
then we have the yellow one we put
the yellow one the same thing if there are any
8 in my as in my motherboard
there are eight banks of ram
you have to make brown with blue brown with
blue first on your left then a
leave ours on your left
right then red put first
return to amd put the ram desk
first on the blues cus excuse me blue of the
yours on your left and then the
red
however it is very easy because it is enough
orient yourself with the first color that
found on the left I know that in the
world of computer hardware
everything travels in a fast way
maybe the colors I'll be saying but between
a month maybe they will change even if not
have been changed for about 10 years
almost lost or always make yourself with the
first color you find on the left
if the first blue room
put the ram bank automatically
on the other hand I give you an example
always in line where there will be another blue
then attacked the second ram bank
then the ram bank that will be on
second ram bank that will be on
left will be you put the ram on
the bench itself the yellow bench
automatically put the other ram if
you have another ram module
in this case we are already at three moments
in the fourth place your other counter
of ram
on the first on the first yellow you see
on your right
sorry I was off I was saying
the ram has been put or little battery
I thank you again for the minutes you have given me
you have dedicated and this explanation
I also show him violated is
guys, please follow me
sign up and I salute you for the fig tree